[DRAFT] Tidy docs for TCUK submission (#1166)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-mcp/README.md

### Prerequisites

- [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

> - Any MCP enabled LLM applications. [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download) and [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/downloads) are popular choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any LLM application that supports MCP. [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download) and [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/downloads) are popular choices.
```
